docs: tw-766-BoLD-operational-guide (#3493)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/validation/bold.mdx

> Once the upgrade executes, monitor assertions to ensure they are created and confirmed in the new Rollup contract. Note that the new events emitted are `AssertionCreated` (which should appear every time an assertion is posted, by default this is one hour) and `AssertionConfirmed` (which should only appear after a challenge period has elapsed, by default this is seven days).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the upgrade executes, monitor assertions to ensure they are created and confirmed in the new Rollup contract. Note that the new events emitted are `AssertionCreated` (which should appear every time an assertion is posted, by default this is 15 minutes) and `AssertionConfirmed` (which should only appear after a challenge period has elapsed, by default this is seven days).
```
